# Changelog

- Added [toggle buttons](/doce/aria#toggle-switch) ---
  create a toggle button by adding `role="switch"`
  to an `<input type="checkbox">`{.language-html}

- Added `@p` modifier to [grid](/docs/grid) attributes (`data-cols@p` etc.)
  for print layouts.

- Added new customization variables:

  - `--border-width`, as well as variants for `inline`, `block`, `start`, `end`
    and `interactive` styles
  - `--border-style`, with the same variants
  - `--border-radius`, `--interactive-border-radius` and `--tab-border-radius`
  - `--shadow`
  - `--shadow-focus`
  - `--shadow-active`
  - `--shadow-disabled`
  - `--pressed-shadow`
  - `--pressed-shadow-focus`
  - `--pressed-shadow-active`

- Added new layout utilities:

  - `.align-content:center`
  - `.align-content:end`
  - `.overflow:clip`
  - `.background-clip:text`
  - `.text-stroke`

- Added new border utilities:

  - `border:none`
  - `margin:0`
  - `margin:auto`
  - `padding:0`

  all with `block`/`inline`/`start`/`end` versions.

- Added inner density classes:

  - `.airy-inside`
  - `.spacious-inside`
  - `.dense-inside`
  - `.crowded-inside`
  - `.packed-inside`

- Added variables for customizing chips:
  `--chip-border-width` and `--chip-border-style`

- Added `-x` and `-y` variants to all `overflow` utility classes.

- Added support for selecting color scheme with `<meta name="color-scheme">`.

  - Deprecated the `.-dark-theme` and `.-no-dark-theme` classes.

- Added scrollbar styling based on theme colors.

- Added styles for `<progress>` and `zmeter>` elements.

- Renamed `.big` to `.<big>`.

  - Deprecated the old name.

- Renamed `.f-row`, `.f-col`, `.f-switch` and `.--f-switch-threshold`
  to `.flex-row`, `.flex-column`, `.flex-switch` and `.--flex-switch-threshold`.

  - Deprecated the old name.

- Added [Lucide](https://lucide.dev) to our documentation as
  our officially recommended icon set.

- In the `.breadcrumbs` class:

  - Added support for the `<ol>` element's `type` attribute ---
    when present, the breadcrumbs will be numbered.

  - Added [`--breadcrumb-page` and `--breadcrumb-step`](/docs/variables#markers)
    for controlling the separator used.

- `<a>` elements with the `.<button>` masquerade
  now work with the `iconbutton` class.

- Buttons now support colorways

- Made a whole slew of improvements to our documentation.

- Fixed an issue where some color variables were not properly set in dark mode.

- Fixed an issue with scrollbar placement in `.sidebar-layout`
  ([#68](https://github.com/bigskysoftware/missing/issues/68)).

- Fixed an issue where our build process generated syntactically invalid CSS,
  which could break other people's tools
  ([#76](https://github.com/bigskysoftware/missing/issues/76)).

- Removed the broken ARIA Listbox component.

- Removed various cases of invalid CSS.

- Deprecated the `.all:initial` class.

- Deprecated the `.primary-font` class, previously renamed `.main-font`.

- Deprecated the `--rhythm` variable
  in favor of the new `lh` and `rlh` units in CSS.

- Un-deprecated the `.center` class.
